---
layout: post
title: "Work Log"
date: 2018-09-28
---
<tr><td>Geddes prototype</td><td>LUC024A-11</td><td>14</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>IIIF Fall Meeting</td><td>LIB001-2110</td><td>5.5</td><td>Mainly meetings, some emails</td></tr>
<tr><td>Admin</td><td></td><td>5</td><td>JIRA, LastPass chasing, Andy delegation, detailed mails about IIIF servers, Nelson site etc</td></tr>
<tr><td>Coimbra design</td><td>LUC023A-92</td><td>2</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>TAD mapping</td><td>LIB001-2119</td><td>2</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>Containerisation project, based on ENT028</td><td>LIB001-2108</td><td>2</td><td>Hrafn Docker</td></tr>
<tr><td>Exam Papers Resits Aug 2018 diet</td><td>LUC023A-93</td><td>1.5</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>Dspace support</td><td></td><td>1.5</td><td>Chasing HW LDAP, space clearing etc., St A's advice on uploads</td></tr>
<tr><td>Meetings</td><td></td><td>1</td><td>Newcastle archives</td></tr>
<tr><td>schema.org fix</td><td>LUC023A-91</td><td>0.5</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>QMU config look and feel</td><td>LUC656A-201</td><td>0.5</td><td></td></tr>
