---
layout: post
title: "Work Log"
date: 2018-10-26
---
<tr><td>Courses</td><td></td><td>8</td><td>First Steps</td></tr>
<tr><td>Meetings</td><td></td><td>4.5</td><td>Sam Oh, 121, Gavin handover</td></tr>
<tr><td>Public Art content</td><td>LUC023A-4</td><td>4</td><td>Various content fixes</td></tr>
<tr><td>IIIF Fall Meeting</td><td>LIB001-2110</td><td>3.5</td><td>Local group meeting, various actions pursued</td></tr>
<tr><td>Automation of Vernon-Dspace</td><td>LUC023A-94</td><td>3</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>Admin</td><td></td><td>2</td><td>JIRAs etc.</td></tr>
<tr><td>ezProxy Support</td><td></td><td>1</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>Dspace support</td><td></td><td>0.5</td><td>Collections Manager search results funnies</td></tr>
<tr><td>lac-store Support</td><td></td><td>0.5</td><td>Theses moves</td></tr>
