---
layout: post
title: "Work Log"
date: 2019-12-20
---
<tr><td>UMIS content push</td><td>LUC023A-162</td><td>10.5</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>Meetings</td><td></td><td>9.5</td><td>Sheffield, workflows, ITI, DV, handover, Bridget</td></tr>
<tr><td>Admin</td><td></td><td>3</td><td>Interview admin, jira, email etc</td></tr>
<tr><td>Collections Manager Upgrade</td><td>LUC023A-84</td><td>3</td><td>Dates working, vbill in,  attempts at solr issues</td></tr>
<tr><td>Geddes Dec 2019</td><td>LUC023A-164</td><td>2</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>TAD mapping</td><td>LIB001-2119</td><td>2</td><td>Emails to Archives Space, mainly</td></tr>
<tr><td>Art accessibility</td><td>LUC023A-167</td><td>1</td><td>Emails to Archives Space, mainly</td></tr>
<tr><td>Vernon support</td><td></td><td>1</td><td>Cleaning up lib-win</td></tr>
<tr><td>RSC Customisations</td><td>LUC656A-245</td><td>1</td><td>Responses to Lorna, build with new logo and colour</td></tr>
<tr><td>Images accessibility</td><td>LUC023A-165</td><td>0.5</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>Dspace support</td><td></td><td>0.5</td><td>Ben unidesk</td></tr>
<tr><td>Archives Space support</td><td></td><td>0.5</td><td>New College changes, config file</td></tr>
