---
layout: post
title: "Work Log"
date: 2019-03-08
---
<tr><td>Meetings</td><td></td><td>10.5</td><td>Julie-Ann intro, Research Scotland and extended 121(!), Team, Archives Space and IIIF</td></tr>
<tr><td>Collections automation rewrite</td><td>LUC023A-113</td><td>8</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>Vernon Scottish User Group</td><td>LIB001-2126</td><td>6</td><td>Marked in a JIRA because it involved organisation- last time on it will be paying for beverages</td></tr>
<tr><td>Admin</td><td></td><td>3</td><td>Hard Drives at Bayes, proj updates, IIIF, mail, JIRA</td></tr>
<tr><td>DLIB001 vendor investigation etc</td><td>LIB001-2125</td><td>2</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>IIIF AV Investigation</td><td>LUC023A-109</td><td>1.5</td><td>Player customised on library labs</td></tr>
<tr><td>Sketchfab integration</td><td>LUC023A-115</td><td>1.5</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>Collections cross search </td><td>LUC023A-110</td><td>1.5</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>Spec Coll IIIF</td><td>LUC023A-28</td><td>0.5</td><td>This would include work on fixes and IIIF/Archives Space embed</td></tr>
<tr><td>Archives Space support</td><td></td><td>0.5</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>TAD mapping</td><td>LIB001-2119</td><td>0.5</td><td></td></tr>
