---
layout: post
title: "Work Log"
date: 2019-03-01
---
<tr><td>Collections automation rewrite</td><td>LUC023A-113</td><td>14.5</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>Admin</td><td></td><td>4.5</td><td>IIIF Call for Papers, git, JIRA, email, Weijian</td></tr>
<tr><td>Meetings</td><td></td><td>4</td><td>Team, Exams, DLIB001, IIIF</td></tr>
<tr><td>DLIB001 vendor investigation etc</td><td>LIB001-2125</td><td>3</td><td>Including hyku look</td></tr>
<tr><td>Vernon Scottish User Group</td><td>LIB001-2126</td><td>2</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>Heriot Watt live server prep</td><td>LUC656A-217</td><td>1</td><td>OAI</td></tr>
<tr><td>LUNA support</td><td></td><td>1</td><td>Virginia session papers</td></tr>
<tr><td>Spec Coll IIIF</td><td>LUC023A-28</td><td>1</td><td>oauth installation for API</td></tr>
<tr><td>Directory of  collections pdf</td><td>LUC023A-112</td><td>0.5</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>ezProxy Support</td><td></td><td>0.5</td><td>Things that Greig will need to get, ultimately!</td></tr>
<tr><td>Coimbra design</td><td>LUC023A-92</td><td>0.5</td><td>Deployment considerations etc</td></tr>
<tr><td>Archives Space support</td><td></td><td>0.5</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>lac-store Support</td><td></td><td>0.5</td><td>papers support</td></tr>
<tr><td>Dspace support</td><td></td><td>0.5</td><td>ERA space</td></tr>
<tr><td>TAD mapping</td><td>LIB001-2119</td><td>0.5</td><td>Arranging transfer</td></tr>
<tr><td>Exam papers languages</td><td>LUC023A-114</td><td>0.5</td><td>Extract taken, started fix</td></tr>
